feat(documentation): add form-check radio stories (#859)
swisspost/design-system: packages/documentation/src/stories/components/radio/radio.docs.mdx

<Meta title="Components/Radio" />

# Radio

<p className="lead">
  Customize the native <code>&lt;input type="radio"&gt;</code> with CSS that changes the element’s
  initial appearance. Consistent, cross-browser and cross-device.
</p>

Our radios use custom icons to indicate checked states.

<Canvas>
  <Story id="components-radio--default" />
</Canvas>
<ArgsTable story="^" />

## SCSS Imports

To import all styles from the design-system-styles package:

```css dark
@use '@swisspost/design-system-styles/index.scss';
```

To import only the styles required for this component:

```css dark
@use '@swisspost/design-system-styles/basics.scss';
@use '@swisspost/design-system-styles/components/form-check.scss';

// required if you use validation feedbacks
@use '@swisspost/design-system-styles/components/form-feedback.scss';
```

## Specific examples of application

The following examples show the different characteristics of the component. These can differ in the type of visualization, the html structure, as well as when, how and why they are displayed.

### Inline

To render a radio inline, simply add the class `.form-check-inline` to the `.form-check` wrapper element.

> <div class="alert alert-info alert-md">
>   There are accessibility issues with grouping form controls.
>   <br />
>   Please read our{' '}
>   <a href="/?path=/docs/foundations-accessibility--page#grouping">grouping accessibility guide</a>.
> </div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info alert-md">
  Remember to wrap your radio groups in a `<fieldset>` including a `<legend>` tag. This provides a label for your radio group.
  <br />
  For more information, read our{' '}
  <a href="/?path=/docs/foundations-accessibility--page#grouping">grouping accessibility guide</a>.
</div>
```
